Add explanation for "CN" (#16714)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/certificates.md

        tar xzf easy-rsa.tar.gz
        cd easy-rsa-master/easyrsa3
        ./easyrsa init-pki

> 1.  Generate a CA. (`--batch` set automatic mode. `--req-cn` default Common Name (CN) to use.)

Reviewer: This line has nested brackets. Fine in code; odd in English text.
How about:
```suggestion
1.  Generate a new certificate authority (CA). `--batch` sets automatic mode; `--req-cn` specifies the Common Name (CN) for the CA's new root certificate.
```

Also consider adding a newline after “certificate authority (CA).”.

Author: Thanks for your suggestion.  I'll fix it.
